DOCS-7202 added content (#201)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/custom-policy-set-authentication-example.adoc

. Evaluate your use case based on the <<use_case, use case>> provided.
. <<set-up-the-project,Set up your project>>.
. <<create_the_YAML,Create the YAML configuration file>>.
. <<implement_the_policy,Implement custom your policy>>.
. <<upload_to_exchange,Upload your custom policy to Exchange>>.
. <<apply_custom_policy,Apply your custom policy>>.

[[use_case]]
== The Use Case

ProTeams is a sports-management application that enables its users to manage team and sports activities. ProTeams users can perform actions on behalf of their teams, such as participating in chats with other teams, organizing exhibitions or friendly matches, and confirming tournament dates.

Each team has a client application in Anypoint Platform, and uses a Client ID Enforcement policy to validate requests to their site. To keep the team management tasks hidden from the players, separate IDs are created for managers and for players. 

Team owners and managers can proxy for the players for specific tasks if required. Players can also perform tasks for the team, such as setting up practice matches or initiate chat messages with team members.

> Because every user ID is mapped to the team's client ID, the client ID is propagated with every transaction made by any user ID. With this information, the team manager is able to effortlessly generate analytics for the team.

Reviewer: "With this information, the team manager is able to effortlessly generate analytics for the team." the one that generates the Analytics with the client ID propagation is the Mule Runtime.
That info can then be consumed by the ProTeams development team, to get statistics on the usage of their platform or offering a service to expose those analytics. Either way, I wouldn't add this last part, I would just say the Mule Runtime thing

Reviewer: In the end, the client ID propagation for Analytics is important for the costumer (not so much focus on the user of the customer's product).

> = Developing a Custom Policy Using the Event Authentication Extension

Reviewer 2: Instructions for edit:

can you please do a copy edit of this new content for custom policies:
https://github.com/mulesoft/docs-api-manager/pull/201
Due date: tomorrow EOD best case. If not day after morning is fine.
Type: Full copy edit

Reviewer 2: Is this title actually supposed to be the same as what we above name Set Authentication Event?
```suggestion
= Developing a Custom Policy Using the Event Authentication Extension
```

Author: No, we are good! Done! Thanks!

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> You can plan, develop, and implement a custom policy based on the Set Authentication Policy example described in this topic.

Reviewer 2: Where is this name actually used: Set Authentication Policy? If this is the actual name of the example, shouldn't the title match this (and the xref text)?

Reviewer 2: Also, GLOBALLY remove texts that self-refer to the doc/topic/section/etc.
Per the style reference entry for "references":
references
Don’t write self-referential content in task topics:

Before	**This topic** explains how to manage data storage.

After		Managing your data storage efficiently depends on several factors,
			including….

For conceptual and reference topics, consider explaining what the customer can do with the contents rather explaining what the contents are:

	Before	**This document** assumes that you are familiar with…

	After		Before you configure storage management, become familiar with…

Author: OK! Thanks!

> The example implements the Event Authentication Extension to propagate a Client ID property,  using the authentication data of the Mule Event. Creating a policy involves the following steps:

Reviewer 2: Please verify all this capitalization. We want to downstyle wherever possible. Also...:
```suggestion
The example implements the Event Authentication Extension to propagate a Client ID property, using the authentication data of the Mule event. Creating a policy involves the following steps:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . Evaluate your use case based on the <<use_case, use case>> provided.

Reviewer 2: Is all this << >> formatting correct?

Author: Yes ma'am!

. <<set-up-the-project, Set up your project>>.

> . <<create_the_YAML, Create the YAML Configuration File>>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. <<create_the_YAML, Create the YAML configuration file>>.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

. <<implement_the_policy, Implement your policy>>.
. <<upload_to_exchange, Upload your policy to Exchange>>.

> . <<apply_custom_policy, Apply your custom policy>>.

Reviewer 2: Why does this title specify "custom policy" but previously just plain "policy"? Is there a difference? Try to avoid changing the wording we use to denote a thing, to avoid confusion.

Author: Yes made everything consistent. Done! Thanks!

[[use_case]]
== The Use Case

> ProTeams is a sports management application that enables its users to manage team and sports activities. ProTeams users can perform actions on behalf of their teams, such as participating in chats with other teams, organizing exhibitions or friendly matches,and confirming assistance on tournament dates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ProTeams is a sports-management application that enables its users to manage team and sports activities. ProTeams users can perform actions on behalf of their teams, such as participating in chats with other teams, organizing exhibitions or friendly matches, and confirming tournament dates.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> Each team has a client application in Anypoint Platform, and uses a Client ID Enforcement policy to validate requests to their site. To keep the team management tasks hidden from the players, separate IDs are created for them. 

Reviewer 2: To whom does "them" refer" or do you mean...:
```suggestion
Each team has a client application in Anypoint Platform, and uses a Client ID Enforcement policy to validate requests to their site. To keep the team management tasks hidden from the players, separate IDs are created for managers and for players. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> The team owners can proxy tasks for the players, if required, using the unique player IDs and team client ID mapping. For example, if the team management wants to perform analytics on each player for the previous game or set up matches for selective players,they can do so using the mapping.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The team owners can proxy tasks for the players, if required, using the unique player IDs and team client ID mapping. For example, if the team management wants to perform analytics on each player for the previous game or set up matches for selective players, they can do so using the mapping.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> To create this player ID and team client ID mapping, the team owners need to develop a new custom policy that retrieves the user IDs from a header called `userId`on the request. The user IDs can also be obtained using query parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create this player ID and team client ID mapping, the team owners need to develop a new custom policy that retrieves the user IDs from a header called `userId` on the request. The user IDs can also be obtained using query parameters.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> The policy then performs the mapping, and injects the obtained client ID into the authentication data of the Mule event. This event is then retrieved by the Client ID Enforcement policy for performing analytics, and so on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The policy then performs the mapping, and injects the obtained client ID into the authentication data of the Mule event. This event is then retrieved by the Client ID Enforcement policy for performing analytics and so on.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> ProTeams uses the Set Authentication custom policy example as a template and then add their own mapping logic to it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ProTeams uses the Set Authentication custom policy example as a template and then adds their own mapping logic to it.
```

Reviewer 2: I had a bit of difficulty following the scenario. I wonder if we can somehow illustrate it in future releases?

Author: Sure! Thanks!

[[set-up-the-project]]
== Setting Up the Project

> ProTeams develops a custom policy by first creating a xref:custom-policy-getting-started.adoc[custom policy archetype project]. Then ProTeams runs the archetype, replacing the parameters shown in this case example template.

Reviewer 2: What does "replacing the parameters shown in this case example template" mean? 
Does ProTeams begin to create its policy by copying the archetype, or does ProTeams create the archetype?
And it replaces the parameters in the archetype with custom parameters, right?
So...do you mean "replacing the archetype values with those shown in the scenario" or "replacing the values in the scenario? 
I think we might be using too many different words to mean the same thing: archetype project, use case, case example, case example template.... It is unclear to me what already exists and is used to create a custom project vs. what is created new for the custom project.

Author: Yes, simplified it.

> Then ProTeams copies the directory to their workspace, and replaces the Group and Artifact ID values in the `pom.xml` file to match their own, for example:

Reviewer 2: The directory of what? We have not mentioned this above. Also, I think we need this formatting:
```suggestion
Then ProTeams copies the directory to their workspace, and replaces the `groupId`and `artifactId` values in the `pom.xml` file to match their own:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * `<groupId>YOUR_GROUP_ID</groupId>` with ProTeams Organization ID. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Replace `<groupId>_YOUR_GROUP_ID_</groupId>` with the ProTeams Organization ID. 
```
...and I think we should show what the ProTeams Org ID looks like, so we are replacing syntax with syntax, as we do in the next bullet item.

Reviewer 2: Note that the coding to produce placeholder text in syntax (values that the user supplies: italic monospace font) is underscores within the mono tag `:

`_This is how you tag italic mono_.` >

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * `<artifactId>set-authentication-policy<cd/artifactId>` with the required Artifact ID, which in this case is `map-to-authentication-policy`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Replace `<artifactId>_set-authentication-policy_<cd/artifactId>` with the required Artifact ID, which in this case is `map-to-authentication-policy`.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

Additionally, you can add versions and new dependencies, if required.

[[create_the_YAML]]
== Creating the YAML Configuration File

> After ProTeams sets up the project, they start by defining the input parameters of the policy that will be configured in API Manager.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After ProTeams sets up the project, they start by defining the input parameters of the policy to be configured in API Manager.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

The following code snippet shows an example YAML file for the policy UI:

[source,YAML,linenums]
----
id: Map To Authentication
name: Map To Authentication
description: Maps input user identifier to the associated Client ID, and propagates it via the authentication data
category: Custom
type: custom
resourceLevelSupported: true
encryptionSupported: false
standalone: true
requiredCharacteristics: []
providedCharacteristics: []
configuration:
  - propertyName: userIdExpression
    name: User Identifier Expression
    description: Mule Expression used to extract the user identifier value from API requests
    type: expression
    defaultValue: "#[attributes.headers['fks_user_id']]"
    optional: false
    sensitive: false
    allowMultiple: false
----

> In the example, the YAML file contains just one configuration property, which is a DataWeave Expression field to determine from which request attribute to extract the must the user ID be extracted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the example, the YAML file contains just one configuration property, which is a DataWeave expression field, to determine from which request attribute to extract the user ID.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> The `name` and `description` parameters are the display title and description of the property, respectively. The `type` parameter indicates that the field value must be a DataWeave Expression, and the `defaultValue` parameters specifies the suggested field value in API Manager when configuring the policy. The `optional` parameter is set to false, indicating that this field is mandatory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `name` and `description` parameters are the display title and description of the property, respectively. The `type` parameter indicates that the field value must be a DataWeave expression, and the `defaultValue` parameter specifies the suggested field value in API Manager when configuring the policy. The `optional` parameter is set to `false`, indicating that this field is mandatory.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> For more information about how to set up of the YAML file, see xref:custom-policy-4-reference#yaml-configuration-file[YAML Configuration File].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about how to set up the YAML file, see xref:custom-policy-4-reference#yaml-configuration-file[YAML Configuration File].
```

Reviewer 2: STOP here to send comments
Then RESTART below

[[implment_the_policy]]
== Implementing the Policy

After ProTeams has defined the input parameters for their policy, they can start implementing their policy as follows:

. Add a new server in their Maven `settings.xml` file. 
. Add extra dependencies in the `pom.xml` file.
. Add conditions in the `template.xml` file.

> . Add New Server in settings.xml File

Reviewer 2: I can't tell how much of this is the actual filename, which should be in mono, right?
Lowercase "file"? period?

Reviewer 2: Is this actually a repetition of the first step, out of place?
```suggestion
. Add New Server in settings.xml File
```

Author: Good catch! Thanks! Done!

> The Event Authentication Extension is available in the Mule EE Nexus repository. The POM file in the example already holds a reference to the repository, and is configured with a credentials alias named `releases-ee`. 

Reviewer 2: Is this also part of implementing the policy? How is it related to the steps above it? Will your audience be able to follow the User Journey here, because I am having some trouble following the chronology?

Author: Not sure, but added a question.

> You can rename this alias if required. To have access to the repository, ProTeams needs to add the corresponding server in their Maven settings file:

Reviewer 2: Does this correspond to the first step above?
Are the steps actually subtopics?

Author: No, this is how they'll do it.

Author: Yes added links. Done! Thanks!

[source,XML,linenums]
----
<servers>
      <server>
         <id>releases-ee</id>
         <username>your_username</username>
         <password>your_password</password>
       </server>
</servers>
----

> 

Reviewer 2: Ah! So if the next topic is Step 2 above, we probably need a title for Step 1, add a server to the Maven settings.

Author: Yes, added!

[[add_dependencies_in_pom]]

> === Add Dependencies in pom.xml File

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Add Dependencies in the pom.xml File
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> ProTeams then adds dependencies in the `pom.xml` file for the policy to perform specific actions, such as the Event Authentication and the HTTP Policy Transform extensions:

Reviewer 2: Suggest providing a context for "then":
```suggestion
After adding a new server in their Maven `settings.xml` file, ProTeams then adds dependencies such as the Event Authentication and the HTTP Policy Transform extensions to the `pom.xml` file, for the policy to perform specific actions:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

[source,XML,linenums]
----
    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>com.mulesoft.anypoint</groupId>
            <artifactId>mule-event-authentication-extension</artifactId>
            <version>${authenticationExtensionVersion}</version>
            <classifier>mule-plugin</classifier>
        </dependency>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>com.mulesoft.anypoint</groupId>
            <artifactId>mule-http-policy-transform-extension</artifactId>
            <version>${httpPolicyTransformVersion}</version>
            <classifier>mule-plugin</classifier>
            <exclusions>
                <exclusion>
                    <groupId>org.mule.connectors</groupId>
                    <artifactId>mule-http-connector</artifactId>
                </exclusion>
            </exclusions>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>
----

> === Add Logic in template.xml File

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Add Logic in the template.xml File
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> ProTeams now needs to add the functionality logic that the policy must perform in the `template.xml file`, such as the ID mapping for ProTeams.

Reviewer 2: Please reread this to ensure accuracy:
```suggestion
ProTeams now needs to add functionality logic to the `template.xml file` to enable the policy to perform tasks such as the ID mapping for ProTeams.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> As ProTeams value mapping is not available in a Mule Extension, they must create and add their own custom module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Because ProTeams value mapping is not available in a Mule extension, ProTeams must create and add their own custom module.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

[[upload_to_exchange]]
== Uploading to Exchange

To upload the custom policy to Exchange, ProTeams must verify that their `pom.xml` file is correctly configured for their organization.

=== Task Prerequisites

> Before uploading their policy to Exchange, they must verify that:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before uploading their policy to Exchange, ProTeams must verify that:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * A new server is created in their Maven `settings.xml` file, with a unique ID, and username and password of the Exchange credentials for their organization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A new server is created in their Maven `settings.xml` file, with a unique ID as well as the username and password of the Exchange credentials for their organization.
```
But...hasn't Step 1 already met this requirement?

Author: Done! Thanks!

* The URL matches their region. 
+

> Warning: The template has the URL that corresponds to the US region. If your account does not belong to this region, ensure that you change it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Warning: When you perform similar actions to create your own custom policy, note that the template uses the URL that corresponds to the US region. If your account does not belong to this region, change this value.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

* The repository ID matches the one from the Maven settings. 
+

> *Tip:* You can define an alias to that repository using the name tag.

Reviewer 2: Why would they want to do this?
Does this just complicate the example?
Remember that this is a scenario and is not meant to cover all options.

Author: I'll leave as is for now.

[source,XML,linenums]
----
<servers>
      <server>
         <id>your_server_id</id>
         <username>your_organization_username</username>
         <password>your_organization_password</password>
       </server>
</servers>
----

> Next, ProTeams goes to their policy `pom.xml` file` and locates the `distributionManagement` section:

Reviewer 2: Is this still a prerequisite, or is this the actual start of uploading to Exchange? Clarify.

Author: Done! Thanks!

[source,XML,linenums]
----
<distributionManagement>
    <repository>
        <id>your_server_id</id>
        <name>My Repository</name>
        <url>${exchange.url}</url>
        <layout>default</layout>
    </repository>
</distributionManagement>
----

> After ProTeams verifies the server configuration, they begin uploading their policy to Exchange using the following command:

Reviewer 2: So...THIS is the beginning of the Uploading to Exchange task? I wonder if the previous info in this topic belongs in its own topic or topics? Seems like separate steps.

Author: Fixed! Thanks!

[source,console,linenums]
----
> mvn deploy
----

The custom policy that ProTeams developed is now uploaded to Exchange.

[[apply_custom_policy]]
== Applying the Policy

> ProTeams next applies a custom policy the same way as they apply a Default policy. When they go to API Manager, they can see the new policy available and ready to configure and use.

Reviewer 2: This does not make sense to me. They should not have to apply a default; a default is automatic. So what is this "same way"?

Reviewer 2: Isn't the new policy already configured?

Reviewer 2: a Default policy > a default policy

Author: Done! Thanks!

> To view the full custom policy example, see the Github repository xref:https://github.com/mulesoft/api-gateway-custom-policies-examples[Custom Policies Examples].

Reviewer 2: I found it a bit difficult to follow this topic set. I wonder if we should just refer the audience to the GitHub example and let it go at that...?

Author: hmm..may be not.

----

[[add_conditions_in_template]]
=== Add Conditions in the template.xml File

ProTeams now needs to add functionality logic to the `template.xml file` to enable the policy to perform tasks, such as the ID mapping for ProTeams.

Because ProTeams value mapping is not available in a Mule extension, ProTeams must create and add their own custom module.

[[upload_to_exchange]]
== Uploading to Exchange

To upload the custom policy to Exchange, ProTeams must verify that their `pom.xml` file is correctly configured for their organization.

=== Task Prerequisites

Before uploading their policy to Exchange, ProTeams must verify that:

* A new server is created in their Maven `settings.xml` file, with a unique ID, and username and password of the Exchange credentials for their organization.
* The URL matches their region. 
+
*Warning:* When you perform similar actions to create your own custom policy, note that the template uses the URL that corresponds to the US region. If your account does not belong to this region, change this value.
* The repository ID matches the one from the Maven settings. 
+
*Tip:* You can define an alias to that repository using the name tag.

> //Nacho haven't they already added a server in the previous section? I think we should remove this step.

Reviewer: Yes, they added a server previously, but with a fixed ID (as it needs to match the ID inside the pom.xml of the example). Here they can call it whatever they want, as long as it matches the pom.xml distributionManagement element.
Maybe it is kind of redundant and the code snippet can be skipped, I have no preference here.

Author: OK, I'll remove it then. It is confusing this way. Done! Thanks!
